[Music]
ten little-known tricks for perfect
airplane sleep people who can easily
fall asleep on a plane are among the
lucky few because most of us aren't able
to doze off in a cramped space sitting
in such an uncomfortable position and
surrounded by total strangers what if we
told you there are some simple tricks
that can help you catch some Z's onboard
who knew that flying on a Tuesday or
keeping your seat belt fastened could
actually make a difference 10 night is
the best time for a flight it's great if
you can pick a flight for the time you
usually sleep at wake up two to three
hours earlier on the day of your flight
to help you fall asleep faster on board
later on also get to the airport a
couple hours in advance and even earlier
for international flights from larger
airports it will allow you to avoid the
unnecessary stress of waiting in line to
check-in and rushing through security
save yourself the trouble of feeling
like you're running late plus you'll
have enough time to do everything you
normally do before going to bed want to
brush your teeth no problem you have
time for that you normally read before
you fall asleep you can do that before
you get on the plane as well this will
trick your body into thinking it's just
another regular day and taking your seat
on the plane will feel like sliding into
bed already for a good night's sleep 9
the best days to fly are tuesdays and
wednesdays do you like it when the plane
is overcrowded and you've got a crying
kid on one side of you and a loud
obnoxious football fan on the other and
you say yes oh ok then you can just
ignore this one for everyone else here's
a hit if you want fewer passengers and
more space pick the most unpopular days
for booking flights tuesdays and
wednesdays as a rule we might even get
up to three seats to yourself oh those
are my favorite travel moment
and even if you're not that lucky
there's a good chance the flight crew
will kindly let you take a seat further
from noisy passengers traveling in this
bliss is unlikely to happen on a Friday
or any days before holidays since those
are the most fully loaded flights eight
the perfect seat is by the window always
try to pick a window seat to rest your
head on the wall
and not be bothered by your neighbor
wanting to get up to go to the bathroom
if you normally sleep on your left side
aim for see a if your right side is your
preferred sleeping position pick the
window seat on the opposite side of the
plane now here's a fun fact British
airline easyJet's as the most popular
seat among all passengers is 7x
I guess it's got something to do with
luck for all those superstitious
travelers out there hey better safe than
sorry however if you want to be in a
quiet place it's a good idea to avoid
the front part of the plane and the
seats near the compartment wall I know
the abundance of leg space is tempting
but these seats are commonly reserved by
families with infants a bathroom seat
isn't a good option either if you want
to be in the most stable part of the
plane pick the seats over the wings keep
all of this in mind when booking tickets
that have a seat pre selection option
checking in online or describing your
preferences at the airport check-in desk
7 tilts your seat back to the max if you
want good quality sleep in the cabin
adjust your seat as far back as it'll go
just make sure the person behind you
doesn't mind hours of sitting at a right
angle can cause painting your waist and
lower back and sleeping with your head
on the food tray or on the back of the
seat in front of you is bad for your
neck and spine plus it's not very polite
to the person sitting in that seat in
front of you you might not realize it
but you're pushing their seat forward
when you're leaning against it so try to
get the ideal angle of 135 degrees to
minimize the pressure on your spinal
disks you can also rest your legs on
your carry-on or place the little pillow
they give you under your knees
six clothes should be warm and
comfortable
we know you always want to look your
best especially if you're traveling for
business and expecting an airport pickup
from potential partners upon arrival
however to have a sound nap onboard
you should wear loose clothes made of
natural materials that don't constrict
your movements if your airline doesn't
provide blankets take a jacket and warm
socks too it gets pretty cold in the
cabin and that makes it hard to fall
asleep oh and one more thing please
please please do not wear adult footie
jammies leave those things at home not
everyone deserves to see them you know
and if you have to look professional
upon arrival pyrius suit with you and
change into it after landing safely five
fasten your seat belt over your clothes
but wait didn't the previous points say
not to wear clothes that constrict your
movement isn't that exactly what a seat
belt does it's okay
I hear you loud and clear let me explain
you're right a seat belt fastened over
your clothes or blanket won't make your
sleep more comfortable but it will
prevent flight attendants from waking
you up if the plane experiences
turbulence it's especially important for
those who not only find it hard to fall
asleep but also can't get back to sleep
after being interrupted
imagine finally falling asleep after
hours of trying just to be woken up an
hour or two later to make sure you're
buckled up for get yourself some
sleeping accessories light and noise are
the main culprits that keep you from
getting needed shut-eye so this answer
might be obvious use a sleeping mask and
earplugs
you'll also need proper neck support to
relax your muscles since they can't
really rest if they're busy holding your
head up taking a travel pillow with you
is a great way to get this necessary
neck support if you don't have one use a
rolled up scarf or a sweatshirt some
airlines provide polyester blankets but
those are far from being ideal if you
want real comfort which equals good
sleep for a longer flight bring your own
blanket with you if it sounds like too
much to carry experiment with a wool
scarf
Reeth control this sense around you we
all love the scent of a fresh clean
pillow it makes falling asleep something
you dream of for most of the day or is
it just me who can't wait to get home
and cuddle up with my pillow vanilla and
oranges also smell really good
what about burgers and sweaty legs not
so much the good news is that you can
control the sense in your immediate
surroundings
now we're not suggesting that you push
your neighbor out of the plane just
sprinkle the headrest of your travel
pillow with some lavender oil or any
other essential oil you like spraying it
with your favorite perfume can also do
the trick as long as you don't add too
much of it by the way if you want to
know where the safest seats on planes
trains and other means of transport are
check out this video it's seriously
changed how I choose my seats now to put
your gadgets away don't watch movies on
your phone tablet or laptop because the
blue light of the screen wakes your
brain up most sleep experts say you
should put away all your electronics at
least half an hour or better yet an hour
before you plan on dozing off take a
proper book instead and opt for a boring
one at that it'll help you fall asleep
faster it also won't hurt to listen to
calming sounds like bird singing or rain
falling what can be better than the
sound of a light breeze it'll calm your
brain down instead of activating it like
electronic screens do one food and
drinks chicken or fish fish or chicken
ah the endless choices of airplane food
you can have either of those but not too
much of it if you want to be fast asleep
don't overeat onboard the food should be
light and healthy while the best drink
option is tea the herbal variety is
perfect or just plain water
forget about coffee or alcohol the
latter of which might call me down but
it ruins your quality of sleep you'll
most likely wake up a couple hours later
feeling groggy and with a dry mouth the
kind of sleep you get after consuming
alcohol isn't exactly restorative
so as much as you want to try all the
cool exotic suits from the airport food
court before takeoff don't do it
stick with what you normally eat so that
you won't upset your stomach too much
have your own tricks to share the
comment section is all yours to speak up
give this video a like if you found it
useful and click Subscribe life is
better on the bright side
[Music]